I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Then what are you still doing?
Kneel down and apologize to me
Come on your knees and admit your mistake
Only to live
I can find my daughter
Damn dumb hurry up
Mother, I was wrong.
Please forgive me.
Hmph, you bitch just needs to be cleaned up
Shen Guiying, my mother bought you with money
You are a dog of our Zhao family
We tell you to go west and you can't think east
If you dare to disrespect my mother again
I'll let my brother beat you to death, do you hear me?
Okay, Xiangru
Stay away from him
So as not to get your hands dirty
Son quickly dragged him down and locked him in the kitchen
Don't let him embarrass himself here. It's Dad
Get up and go
Let go, let go of me, I've made a mistake
Why pay me back?
I will break your leg today.
Don't worry, wife.
Even if I give everything
I will also help you find your mother
Where are you?
Mom